Add docs for `@babel/register/experimental-worker` (#2616)
babel/website: docs/register.md

`@babel/register` itself, this should successfully compile any plugin/preset
that loads synchronously.

## Experimental Babel 8 implementation

You can also test the new experimental implementation that will be enabled by default in Babel 8, using
```js
require("@babel/register/experimental-worker");
```

> It internally runs Babel asynchronously, so it's compatible with [`.mjs` configuration files](https://babeljs.io/docs/en/config-files#configuration-file-types). You can already use it as a replacement of `@babel/register` with a few caveats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It internally runs Babel asynchronously, so it's compatible with [`.mjs` configuration files](config-files.md#configuration-file-types). You can already use it as a replacement of `@babel/register` with a few caveats:
```
